.. _Problem C. Addition:
    https://code.google.com/codejam/contest/3214486/dashboard#s=p2

======================
`Problem C. Addition`_
======================

Problem
-------
Six years ago, a robot, Bob, with infant's intelligence has been [sic] invented
by an evil scientist, Alice.

Now the robot is six years old and studies in primary school. Addition is the
first operation he learned in math. Due to his strong reasoning ability, he
could now conclude a+b=12 from a=2 and b=10.

Alice wanted to test Bob's addition skills. Some equations were given to Bob in
form [sic] of a=2, b=10, c=4, and Bob has to find out the answers of questions
like a+b, a+c, etc.

Alice checked Bob's answers one by one in the test papers, and no mistake has
been found so far, but Alice lost the given equations after a cup of coffee
poured on them [sic]. However she has some of Bob's correct answers, e.g.
a+b=12, a+c=6, c+d=5. She wants to continue with the checkable equations, e.g.
b+d=11 could be concluded by a+b=12, a+c=6, c+d=5, and thus the question b+d is
checkable.

To prevent the artificial intelligence technology from being under the control
of Alice, you disguised yourself as her assistant. Now Alice wants you to
figure out which of the rest of questions [sic] are checkable and their answers
[sic].

Input
-----
The first line of the input gives the number of test cases, **T**. **T** test
cases follow.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer **N**: the number of
correctly answered questions. Each of the next **N** lines contain [sic] one
correctly answered question in the form "**x**\ +\ **y**\ =\ **z**", where
**x** and **y** are names of variables and **z** is a decimal integer.

The next line contains a single integer **Q**: the number of remaining
questions. Each of the next **Q** lines contain [sic] one question in the form
"**x**\ +\ **y**", where **x** and **y** are names of variables.

Output
------
For each test case, the first line of output contains "Case #\ **x**:", where
**x** is the test case number (starting from 1). For each question in the input
that was checkable, output a single line with the answer in the form
"**x**\ +\ **y**\ =\ **z**", where **x** and **y** are names of variables and
**z** is a decimal integer. Questions should be listed in the same order as
they were given in the input. Please do **NOT** ignore duplicated questions,
since Alice would fire you if you pointed [sic] any mistake of hers.

Limits
------
Names of variables are strings of lowercase English letters. Each name contains
at most 10 characters.

-200000 ≤ **z** ≤ 200000

There is no contradiction in the answered questions and if the answer is
checkable, the result is an integer.

Small dataset
-------------
**T** ≤ 10

**N** ≤ 10

**Q** ≤ 10

Large dataset
-------------
**T** ≤ 3

**N** ≤ 5000

**Q** ≤ 5000

Sample
------

::

    Input                 Output
    
    2                     Case #1:
    2                     apple+banana=10
    apple+banana=10       apple+banana=10
    coconut+coconut=12    banana+apple=10
    5                     Case #2:
    apple+banana          a+d=3
    apple+banana          b+c=3
    apple+apple
    banana+apple
    peach+apple
    3
    a+b=3
    b+c=3
    c+d=3
    4
    a+c
    a+d
    b+c
    b+d
